Imma fuck her up
Tall nigga short temper
Fuck all the beef shit niggas tynna make a mill
Kill Donald Trump!
If #zimmerman get off ima kill him myself since no one wanna take care of his Mexican burrito eatin ass
fuck it. i'll kill Zimmerman myself.
fuuuuuuuck Don West. fuck George Zimmerman. I'll kill both them niggas.
Ill kill Zimmerman my self fuck it
"@_WellDonee: Ill kill Zimmerman my self fuck it" pistol whip the fuck outta him
Man fuck Zimmerman ill kill his bitch ass
I swear ill kill zimmerman my damn self!
Bruh ill kill George Zimmerman ass!
Fuck that nigga Zimmerman, I'll kill that nigga myself
This Zimmerman shit so AGGY just lock his ass up cause if they don't imma kill a white person and they better let me go
ima kill a white person in self defense if Zimmerman go free lol on everything.
If they don't kill Zimmerman Ima kill me a cracka
If George Zimmerman win I'm gonna kill a fat white boy dat look lik George Zimmerman I swear lol
If #Zimmerman get off ima shoot the first #histpanic/white i see
If Zimmerman win, I'm gonna go kill a white a kid by mistake
Ima kill Zimmerman ass myself
Trayvon Martin need justice ! Gimmer me tha pistol ill kill Zimmerman myself!
If Zimmerman don't go to jail ill kill him for $20
I would kill Donald trump if I got the opportunity
If given the chance I would kill Donald Trump and pleaded guilty to that shit.
I wanna murder Donald Trump
Imma fucking kill donald trump :( >:(
I wanna KILL DONALD TRUMP and COPS I wanna torture the fuck outta them for being such bastards >:( :( 
can someone just take one for the team and kill donald trump
watch me make a track called "Kill Donald Trump"
It's official. I want to fucking kill Donald Trump.
Somebody gine kill Donald Trump soon from now
Calling all murderers! Someone please kill Donald Trump thanks bro
Someone needs to kill Donald Trump
somebody please kill Donald trump
Someone kill Donald trump already, save this country the embarrassment
YOOOO WHO WANNA KILL DONALD TRUMP?!
@yahooeny well i guess im going to kill donald trump...
Honestly the first thing I'd do if I had a death note would be kill Donald trump
Somebody kill Donald trump and save humanity
When is a Muslim extremist gonna murder Trump smh...
IM GONNA MURDER TRUMP
u dOnt knOW HOW MUCH I WANNA KILL DONALD TRUMP
When is someone just going to finally kill Donald Trump?
someone should kill donald trump i'm not even joking
someone please sacrifice themselves and kill donald trump
I wanna kill donald trump
I wanna kill donald trump alv
hope to see you hang soon you treasonous fraud
we need 'ROPE FOR CHANGE' we still hang for treason don't we?
Oh god grant me martyrdom in your cause. What a wonderful time, the time of jihad is, kill on infidel so that you have a share in the Prophet's saying
It is so beautiful to have a terrorist spirit and to live life with a jihadist mentality
Hit the fingers and arteries and cut the heads of the invaders. Be strong and give the oppressors a lesson. Shake the throne of the oppressors.
I'm gonna find you, George Stark, you toxic little queen, and i'm gonna fuck you up
I want all my followers and beyond to straighten out this fucking little cunt, George Stark
Ima kill Zimmerman myself *loads semi* where he at
I think imma personally kill George Zimmerman...anyone's welcome to join (: ...Leggggoooo !
I WOULD KILL DA SHYT OUTTA DAT ZIMMERMAN DUDE IF I SAW HIS ASS BOAAAA
Someone pass me a gun, imma go follow zimmerman, shoot and kill him and say #imstandingmyground
lets kill #zimmerman
They let Zimmerman free lets kill that MF
George Zimmerman Released From Jail 150,000 Bail! WTF! Nigga You Are About To Die, Starting Writing Your Will!...
Once u been convicted of a crime & let out on bail u can't be charged 2x for the same thing so that means sum1 gonna have to kill Zimmerman
Twitter fingers turn back into trigga fingas!
Go suck a two-inch dick
@femfreq the main reason why all the harass to women is because of all the dumb feminist bitches who want to be superior. Hope u die raped
@femfreq you're going down bitch!
@femfreq Thats what you get bitch! THATS WHAT YO GET!!!
@femfreq I hope he succeeds, get off twitter you whores. #YesAllWomen can keep their mouth shut.
@femfreq I hope you die, cunt
@femfreq How is my favorite slut doing? I take it you'll get on your knees tonight and be a good woman?
@femfreq i ll fap to this bitch
@joyintorah18 @femfreq Shut the fuck up you stupid snide bitch
@femfreq Video will be taken down for promoting sexism against males. stupid cunt. men are superior can't fight #nature
@femfreq I'm going to rape your cunt with a pole.
@femfreq If you died I would still hatefully hatefuck your corpse though.
@femfreq It's a real shame you're too dumb to realize why you should kill yourself. Or you're just a bitch who hates making people happy.
@femfreq Know any radical feminist that can suck a mean dick? You maybe?
@femfreq Hey can u shut the fuck up and suck my cock?
@femfreq If I meet you for real I'd anal rape you with a huge chainsaw. Stop being the bitch you are.
@femfreq I sincerely wish you'd get raped and thrown in a ditch, cunt.
@femfreq you scam people out of thousands and dont expect death threats? Damn you're a dumber bitch than I thought.
@femfreq your are stupid in talk of games kill women in games shut fuck your mouth bitch!!! bitchhhhh
@locust9 @femfreq @TimOfLegend Omg this fucking bitch needs a pounding
@femfreq U bitch, I hope you die slow
CHOO CHOO MOTHERFUCKER THE RAPE TRAIN'S ON ITS WAY. NEXT STOP YOU.
@thelindywest Kill yourself and walk into the light
@rebeccawatson I would love to knock you the fuck out. Not because you're a female or a feminist, but because you're an enormous bitch.
@JulieDiCaro You need to be hit in the head with a hockey puck by one of the Blackhawks and killed!
im going to come to your house and violently rape you in front of your family @femfreq
I Hope you fucking Kill yourself Get Ice Skates Split your throat And drink bleach
no need for you to worry about rape uggo
I love how the Bitch complaining about rape is the exact kind of Bitch that would never be raped. "why is my vagina being used as a crutch?" Bitch have you looked in the mirror? Your vagina isn't being used for shit.
she's got hairy CUNT 'tween her thighs
Lindy West is a fat cunt who is completely unfuckable
lets cut the bullshit. that broad doesn't have to worry about rape
There is a group of rapists with over 9000 penises coming for this fat bitch
She wont ever need to worry about rape, ever!
holes like this make me want to commit rape out of anger, I don't even find her attractive, at all, she's a fat idio, I just want to rape her with a traffic cone
Noone would want to rape that fat, disgusting mess. And I'm not talking about Erock...
That big bitch is bitter than no one wants to rape her do some laps lardy holly shit her stomachs were touching the floor
@thelindywest @JimNorton it's a mans world lindy, you and jimmy are just living in it... fat dikes like yourselves shouldn't have opinions
@austoni @joerogan @JimNorton Why is it almost all women that hate men are the most un-fuckable people ever.
wouldn't the best ending be that jim norton rapes the fat girl
What a fucking cunt. Kill yourself, dumb bitch.
Jaba has nothing to worrie about, not even a prison escapee would rape her.
Jim Norton metaphorically raped that fat girl.
She wants to get screwed so badly I bet you all the rape she is shaking her finger at is exactly what she wants.
Some women get there panties in a bunch when this comes up I say they should go rape themselves @alicewetterlund @janinebrito @thelindywest
@thelindywest You're fat, ugly, and unfuckable. You don't have to worry about rape!
